so this morning I woke up and I looked
at my face and I thought okay it is time
for a facial and at the moment because I
can't afford to go and have a facial I
did not having facial and which I
actually do fairly frequently it's
either weekly fortnightly or monthly
depending on what's going on in my life
and what my skin is like um I should
maybe do it like every fortnight
religiously but it never seems to work
out quite like that um so I woke up
actually had some pancakes which were
delicious and then I had a bath really
long Sookie bath so that my pores could
open up from all the steam and then
actually whilst I was in the bath after
I'd washed my hair I used some of this
which I talked about before it was 99p
from Sally's and its really really good
it smells delicious it smells like
coconut and I just scooped out a whole
bunch of it and just put it all over my
hair um I don't really know if I can
tell much of a difference feels kind of
soft um yeah I really really like that
actually need to get small because it's
like look I've scraped down to the
bottom anyway so I had that in my hair
and then I did a scrub with this which I
bought in Greece which is really nice
actually I only had to use a bit of it I
think one of these little slashes might
last about three exfoliation
explanations oh no that's what but um
yeah I just needed to tiny a little bit
just cover my whole face in it and it's
really nice and I just sort of felt like
it was cleaning but it wasn't too harsh
it was verging on being a lit to hush so
if you've got really sensitive skin
that's probably not quite right for you
and then so I wash that off and I put on
this which I love so much is the Neal's
Yard white tee enriching facial mask now
this one like a whole bunch of awards
for 2008 and it's probably going to in
2009 as well um amazing I just can't say
enough good things I always say that but
um it smells good and it's one dry so
you feel like it's doing really good
like all the moisture must have gone
into a skin or something um probably has
maybe I don't know and that's really
really nice and i think when i bought it
the woman said it's probably got enough
for about five goes i think i managed to
get about ten out of the tiny little pot
and about this on ebay bargain I love
eBay for beauty products because people
generally try stuff once and then they
don't want it and you can have it for
half the price excellent um so I left
that on for about 10-15 minutes until it
dried actually left it on a bit too long
but hey don't think that really makes
much of a difference um and kept the
hair mask on as well for that long to
and then shower my hair off put it up in
a turban which you'll see it's hilarious
and then I washed the mask off usually I
use a flannel just to take it off like a
face cloth but I couldn't find one for
the life of me so I just took off with
just water and it's always some left
there and down there when i try and take
it off just like wash it up of water and
every single time I look in there and I
just love um anyway so then once that
was off my hair's up in a tavern I put
on some of my face cream and had like
the most long massage that my hands and
fingers could cope with basically
just to really just stimulate my skin
and just make it look so yeah that's
just a really quick at-home facial I
might do some more if you'd like I do so
many different kinds of masks that maybe
I'll do a video about that if you want
okay so this is the mask having dried
it's a little bit like crusty maddening
anyway I look completely strange but hey
still worth it and my hair mask is what
it's not dry obviously but um it's kind
of settled yeah I'm gonna go wash it all
off now hi everyone this is me at the
end of my facial and put my hair I've
been a turban because I love my terming
what more can I say um it's just gonna
help my hair to dry and it's not going
to be all over my face anyway my face
feels really good and it feels like I
had quite a few bites she might be able
to see a couple on my face of all places
which is a bit strange when I came back
from holiday and anyway so hopefully
this will help them to feel a bit more
thank you so much for watching hi